incrustify -- try all the uncrustify options
============================================

What you need
-------------

You will need Python.  I've tested this with Python 2.7.

Run this program from a directory containing a copy of "defaults.cfg" from
your uncrustify distribution.

Make sure that "uncrustify" is in your path.

How to run it
-------------

Take a few representative source files from your codebase, and run:

  % ./incrustify.py file1 file2 ...

Wait a long time.

Look at the generated "result.cfg" file.  It will match your provided
defaults.cfg file, except that it will have little results sections after
some of the options.  These results sections will start with ##, so your
result.cfg file will look like:

    # The number of columns to indent per level.
    # Usually 2, 3, 4, or 8.
    indent_columns                           = 8        # number
    ##                2:  16157
    ##                4:  16233
    ##                8:   2546

    # Whether braces are indented to the body level
    indent_braces                            = false    # false/true
    ##            false:   2546
    ##             true:   5176

The format of a result line is "option value: Change size", where option
value is a possible value for the option, and change size is the number of
lines changed for all files when you set that option to that value.

How to use the results
----------------------

The main purpose of this program is to help you figure out good options to
pass to uncrustify for beautifying an existing codebase.  So generally, your
code will already have lots of existing inconsistent style.  In such cases,
you'll probably either want to *change nothing*, or *choose whichever style
is already most popular in your codebase*.

So you can go option by option, and look to see which value leads to the
fewest changed lines.  When there is a "make no change" option value (usually
'ignore' or 'false'), that value will of course mean the least changes to
your codebase... but often, one of the other value will have a pretty low
change count too.  If so, that value if 

If every value *except* 'ignore' has a high change count, your code doesn't
have a consistent style for the option in question.

If all option values have the same change count, maybe your code doesn't use
anything affected by that option, or maybe there is some other option that
would need to get turned on for uncrustify to notice this option.

Have fun!

Limitations
-----------

It doesn't try all the numeric options.

It doesn't try options in combinations.

It doesn't enable options' prerequisites before testing them.

There aren't enough comments for anybody to hack on the code without
understanding it.
